Hmm, this is Western music, isn't it?
Can you hear the violin and the piano?
It's so beautiful.
Is this by Strauss or Mozart?
I'm not sure.
It's by Strauss.
I love his music.
Do you know anything about him, Tony?
Was he German?
No.
He was born in Vienna, the capital of Austria.
What a beautiful city.
This is called the Blue Danube.
The Danube is a river in Europe.
It goes through Vienna.
Do you like traditional Western music or pop music, Betty?
Well, I like both.
You listen to pop music, Wang Wang, don't you?
Yes, I do.
I also like Beijing Opera.
Listen to this fantastic voice.
Hi, Jim Wang.
Hmm, the sound is very different, isn't it?
I'm a fan of rock music.
Listen to this.
Oh, hey, give us a break.
Rock music?
Oh, listen to those drums.
It's so noisy.
I'm much too fast.
You don't like rock music.
I don't believe it.